Find the names of employees who never won any award in the evaluation.
How many concerts occurred in 2014 or 2015?
Return the different names of cities that are in Asia and for which Chinese is the official language.
What are the id, role, and first name of the professionals who have performed two or more treatments?
What are the codes of template types that have fewer than 3 templates?
What are the regions that use English or Dutch?
What are the African countries that have a  population less than any country in Asia?
Find the number of owners who do not own any dogs at this moment.
Which semesters do not have any student enrolled? List the semester name.
What are the names of the teachers whose hometown is not `` Little Lever Urban District '' ?
What are the first names of every student who has a cat or dog as a pet?
What are the names of high schoolers who have a grade of over 5 and have 2 or more friends?
Which regions speak Dutch or English?
What are the different ids and names of the battles that lost any 'Brig' type shipes?
Return the different descriptions for templates that have been used in a document.
List the name of teachers whose hometown is not `` Little Lever Urban District '' .
What are the distinct states and create time of all votes?
Find the minimum grade of students who have no friends.
Give the country codes for countries in which people speak langauges that are not English.
List the names of orchestras that have no performance.
List the name of singers that do not have any song.
Find the number of professionals who have not treated any dogs.
Find the major and age of students who do not have a cat pet.
What are the different models created by either the car maker General Motors or weighed more than 3500?
What are the different government forms and what is the total population of each for government forms that have an average life expectancy greater than 72?
List the title of all cartoon directed by "Ben Jones" or "Brandon Vietti".
What are the package options of all tv channels that are not playing any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
What are the names of the teachers who are aged either 32 or 33?
What is the lowest grade of students who do not have any friends?
What are the Asian countries which have a population larger than that of any country in Africa?
What are the different years in which there were cars produced that weighed less than 4000 and also cars that weighted more than 3000 ?
How many different winners both participated in the WTA Championships and were left handed?
Find the name of the shops that do not hire any employee.
Find the number of flights landing in the city of Aberdeen or Abilene.
What are the first names of the students who live in Haiti permanently or have the cell phone number 09700166582 ?
What is the first name of every student who has a dog but does not have a cat?
List the names of people that are not poker players.
Find the first name and age of students who have a dog but do not have a cat as a pet.
Among the cars with more than lowest horsepower, which ones do not have more than 3 cylinders? List the car makeid and make name.
Count the number of orchestras that have CD or DVD as their record format.
Which models are lighter than 3500 but not built by the 'Ford Motor Company'?
How many flights land in Aberdeen or Abilene?
Return the names of conductors that do not have the nationality "USA".
What are the names of the employees who never received any evaluation?
What languages are only used by a single country with a republic government?
What are the number of votes from state 'NY' or 'CA'?
What are the names of conductors whose nationalities are not "USA"?
How many museums were opened after 2013 or before 2008?
What is the name of the semester with no students enrolled?
What are the names of countries that speak more than 2 languages, as well as how many languages they speak?
What are the names of the stadiums without any concerts?
What are the names of the singers who are not French citizens?
What are the countries that have greater surface area than any country in Europe?
What are the names of the contestants whose names are not 'Jessie Alloway'
Show the name of teachers aged either 32 or 33?
Among the cars that do not have the minimum horsepower , what are the make ids and names of all those with less than 4 cylinders ?
Show the hometowns shared by at least two teachers.
What are all the course names of the courses which ever have students enrolled in?
Find the first name of students who have cat or dog pet.
What are the countries having at least one car maker? List name and id.
What are the different models wthat are lighter than 3500 but were not built by the Ford Motor Company?
How many matches were played in 2013 or 2016?
What is the total number of people living in the nations that do not use English?
Show the name of singers whose birth year is either 1948 or 1949?
List the names of teachers who have not been arranged to teach courses.
Show the names of students who have a grade higher than 5 and have at least 2 friends.
Find the average age of students who do not have any pet .
What are the orchestras that do not have any performances?
find the package option of the tv channel that do not have any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
How many dogs have not gone through any treatment?
List the number of all matches who played in years of 2013 or 2016.
What are the names of people who are not from Russia?
What are the names of the singers whose birth years are either 1948 or 1949?
How many concerts are there in year 2014 or 2015?
How many professionals did not operate any treatment on dogs?
Find the first name of the students who permanently live in the country Haiti or have the cell phone number 09700166582 .
Find the number of orchestras whose record format is "CD" or "DVD".
Find the number of visitors who did not visit any museum opened after 2010.
What are the names of people who do not play poker?
List the emails of the professionals who live in the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin.
What are the emails of the professionals living in either the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin?
What is the maximum mpg of the cars that had 8 cylinders or that were produced before 1980 ?
What are the nationalities that are shared by at least two people?
Give the total surface area covered by countries in Asia or Europe.
Find the id and cell phone of the professionals who operate two or more types of treatments.
What are the names of the teachers whose courses have not been arranged?
What are the ids of templates with template type code PP or PPT?
Tell me the number of dogs that have not received any treatment .